Here I am gonna write out all about Machine Learning that I have studied so 
far.

1. What is Machine Learning?
	Machine Learning is a Technique to provide computers the ability to learn 
	different things. We do this by writing Sophisticated Mathematical 
	Algorithms using a Programming Langueage so that computers can execute 
	those Learing Algorithms and learn different kind of things by themselves.

2. What is the Wide View of Machine Learning?
	Anything a Human can learn, there exist an algorithm by which a Machine
	can also learn the same. So anything a Human can Learn, learing that 
	thing falls in domain of Machine Learning.

	So, Human can Learn if he is provided with some examples. Computers can do
	the same. This is called Supervised Learning. Here all we need to do is to 
	Learn a Mapping Funciton that maps from X -> y. 

	Human can also Learn Patterns in Tensors, that is purely depeands on 
	themselves. So we also have Algorithms that can find patterns in Tensors
	by themselves. This is called Unsupervised Learning.

	Finally Human can take decission in way that he would achive something that 
	is fruitful to it. That's why we have Algorithms by which a Computer can 
	take decissions in way that it would achieve something that is fruitful to
	it. This is called Reinforcement Learning. 

3. What is the use of Supervised Learning?
	This kind of ML is used to train computers so that they will replace humen.

4. What is the use of Unsupervised Learning?
	Actually in case we wanna learn about a Tensor that is large, we often feel
	that we don't have enough computational power by our brain. In order to 
	learn that giant Tensor we use a computer to do that computation. All we 
	will get what we want. But just we gate computer to do that expensive 
	computation and that's how a computer performing an Unsupervised Lerning
	is for actually we to know the pattern in data and the way we want.

5. What is the use of Reinforcement Learning?
	When we don't know how to achieve something, all we can do to set some 
	reward for a computer to achieve the samething so that now a computer will
	automatically find a way to achive that. Once the computer achieve that
	now the way it will help us is by the analogy of 'Follow the footprints of 
	great men.' We will follow the foot print of the computers. So now all the 
	headaches that we would have faced to achive a goal, now a computer would 
	take care of all these things. 

6. Now what I have studies so far so as to get a job in ML?
	Mostly what right now most of the companies are doing is they are making
	Supervised Learnt ML models so thay could replace Human with better 
	performance. So I have studied a bunch of Supervised ML Techniques. 
	All that I have studied is that how to define a funciton that maps from
	X to y (X -> y) and then optimize it. How better I can do this is how good
	I am in ML.

	2ndly The other thing Companies are doing is using Computers to take their
	Computational Advantage to figure out the big realword Tensors. So I have
	studied a bunch of Unsupervised Learning so. All I know how to apply these
	algorithms to Data and when to use what.

	With this knowledge and the Skills that I gained from a few of practical 
	Projects that I made, I can help Companies to carry out their taks. Hence 
	I will get a job. 

