-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
How to push to Github?
Now a days Git uses Access Tokens instead of Passwords over https protocol.
However these Tokens are One time usable.

What are different things to know in Git?
	For running Git for yourself in Local - 
	1. How to install Git
	2. How to intitiate a Git Repository
	3. How to set Git Credentials
	4. How to Initiate a Git Repository
	5. How to create a Development branch
	6. How to commit to a Branch
	7. How to Merge the Development Branch with the Master Branch
	8. How to Resolve Git Conflitcts.
	9. How to go to any Branch and a previous Snapshoot of your project
	For running Git with a Distributed system - 
	10. How to push code to Github
	11. How to receive Push Requests
	12. How to create a Private or Public online Repository
	13. How to do Open Source Contribution


1. What is the right way to learn Git and Github?
	First learn all the funcitonality of Git in a Local Machine. Then go for
	learning Github for Cloud Git service.

2. How to install Git?
	'sudo apt install git'
	'git --version'

3. How to set Git Credentials?
	'git config --global user.name 'Sai-Nilayam''
	'git config --global user.email 'sainilayamsahu777@gmail.com''
	'git config --global user.name'
	'git config --global user.name'

4. How to initiate a Git repository?
	'git init'

5. How to Stage and Commit files in Git?
	To add files to the Staging area, type command - 'git add -A'
	To Commit type command - 'git commit -m 'message''

6. How to see all the Commit logs in Git?
	'git log'

6. How to move to a previous snapshot in Git?
	'git checkout 'hash_code''

7. How to move back to the latest?
	'git checkout master'

8. How to create a new brach in Git?
	'git branch brach_name
	'git branch'

9. How to remove a branch?
	'git branch -d branch_name'

9. How merge two different braches?\
	Go a specific branch and type command 'git merge another_brach_name

10. Sould I need to learn all the things in Git and how to tackle them?
	No, in general in a big project there are seniours to handle all these
	things. All you need to do is to just pull the codes and develop the 
	project then push your code to the remote git repository. That's it. 

11. How exactly Git architecture works? - Doubt.

12. How to remove a 'Commit' in Git?
	To remove a 'Commit' in Git, you need to use the command 'git reset --hard 
	commit_id'. This will remove all the commits after that and bring you back 
	to that commit is past. 

13. Why you might need to use Git Ignore? How to use it? 
	1. If there is a very large file, You might not want to send that file to 
	the Remote Git Repository.
	2. If you have some directories that is actually not a part of the Project,
	but you use them for your own convenience, then you might not want to send
	to Remote Respository.
	3. If a file contains some Sensitive Informations, then you might not want
	to push it to the Remote Repository. 

	To Ignore those Directories, create a file named as '.gitignore' where the 
	'.git' directory is. Now write all the file names in that line by line, that
	you want to ignore. If you want to ignore an entire folder, then in the 
	'.gitignore' file mention the folder as 'folder_name/'.